Add docs (#8)
miaowware/callsignlookuptools: devnotes/inheritance.md

# Inheritance in CallsignLookupTools

CallsignLookupTools (CLT) is designed to be extremely modular, support sync and async,
and require minimal additional code when adding a new lookup source.

> This comes at the cost of making the inheritance tree is fairly complex.

Reviewer: syntax goes brrrrrrr
```suggestion
This comes at the cost of making the inheritance tree fairly complex.
```

## Implementations

At the bottom of the inheritance tree are the implementations of the lookup source classes, e.g. `QrzSyncClient` and `QrzAsyncClient`.
These classes bring together the mixins and ABCs as needed to provide a full-featured, user-facing object to do callsign lookups with.
For most data sources, these classes should only require two methods to be defined.

## Class Diagrams

### Simplified

This UML diagram shows the basic structure of inheritance for a single lookup source.

<img alt="A simplified diagram of class inheritance" src="./cltinheritancesimple.svg" style="background: white" />

### Complete

This UML diagram shows the structure of inheritance for a single lookup source, including properties, methods, and the files/modules each class is in.
It also includes a second lookup source (callook) to demonstrate how not all lookup sources need all mixins.

<img alt="A complete diagram of class inheritance" src="./cltinheritance.svg" style="background: white" />

> *Note: these UML class diagrams are generated with [plantUML](https://plantuml.com/) from [inheritance.puml](./inheritance.puml).

> > One of the easiest ways to regenerate the diagrams after editing is using the [plantUML VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jebbs.plantuml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> One of the easiest ways to regenerate the diagrams after editing is using the [plantUML VSCode extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jebbs.plantuml).
```

> > Make sure you set the output format to `svg` and in the same directory, e.g. with these VS Code settings:*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Make sure you set the output format to `svg` and in the same directory, e.g. with these VSCode settings:*
```
